All right.
So now let's go ahead and use our helper utility function in our headline component.
So right here below my script tag, I'm going to import that helper function.
It is called Next Element in list because it finds the next element in a list.
And of course, I can find it from my top level source directory, which is my add sign by going into
the utils directory and then finding the next element in list jass file.
All right.
Perfect.
And while we're here, we no longer need this comment that I added, so I'm going to remove that right
here.
Okay.
So it's currently being unused, but if I scroll down, here is where I want to use it.
Now, of course, I want to keep my actions list or my actions array because that is the actual foundation
of the four strings that I want to provide.
But here is where I can say I can invoke my function.
In fact, I can do that all on a single line because I know that the return value of my function is
what I want to assign back to my action data property.
Remember the return value of my next element in list function is going to be in the next value in the
array, which is the string that I want to assign to the action property.
Okay.
So the two parameters that next element to the list expects, of course, is the list and the current
value.
My list is represented by my actions array on the line above, and my current value is represented by
the current value of the action data property which we can access using the this keyword.
So this dot action perfect.
So I'm going to save this.
And you can see the implementation has gotten a lot simpler, which in turn makes the headline component
easier to test.
We're going to get there in a few lessons, but obviously a lot cleaner and we delegate the responsibility
of the array logic of figuring out the next element in the list to a separate function somewhere in
our code base that we can now also reuse across different components.
So that is the advantage of this design.
Let me just head back to my browser to ensure everything is still functional.
In fact, I'm going to refresh the page just to make sure nothing is broken.
All right, so there we have our header text.
And just like we had originally, we see the action verb switching up every 3 seconds.
And if I go back to my view devtools right here, we should see the action being changed every couple
of seconds.
There it is.
And you can see as well, I didn't show you this earlier, but in our computed properties, the new
property is being generated every 3 seconds with a value of true.
And that of course sets the extras.
So as always, I know I've mentioned this lots of times before, but The View Dev Tools is a great place
to double check your work and confirm what a component state looks like at any given moment in time
the data, the computed, the props, etc. So everything here is working exactly as we want it to.
And we've made the component easier to understand.
So all in all, a great victory.
And of course, we will continue building more features in the very next lesson.